So now let's talk about
how Lambda does logging, monitoring, and tracing.
So the first thing we know is that Lambda has
an integration with CloudWatch Logs
because all of the Lambda execution logs are
automatically stored in CloudWatch Logs.
If your Lambda function has an execution role
with the correct IAM policy that authorizes
your Lambda function to write to CloudWatch Logs,
and this is included in the Lambda basic execution role
as we've seen before.
Then we haven't seen this yet,
but there are CloudWatch metrics.
And so they are displayed in the CloudWatch Metrics UI
or the Lambda UI.
And they will represent information about
your invocations, duration, concurrent execution,
error counts, success rate,
throttles, Async delivery failures.
And if you are reading
from Kinesis or DynamoDB streams, your iterator age
which means how far you are into your,
how lagging you are into your reading of the streams.
So we'll have a look at those in a second.
And then finally you can do tracing
with x-ray in your Lambda function.
So it's super easy.
You just enable it in your Lambda
configuration, it's called active tracing.
It will run the x-ray daemon for you.
Now, the only thing you have to do is to use the
x-ray SDK in your code.
You need to ensure that you're Lambda function
has the correct IAM execution role to write into x-ray.
And so there is a managed policy called
AWS x-ray daemon write access.
And then the environment variables to communicate
with x-ray if you needed them are these three right here.
And so you just need to see them once.
I'm not going to read them out to you, but see them once.
And they can come up in the exam.
I think the most important one is the latest
which is AWS x-ray daemon address
which presents where the IP and the port of
the x-ray daemon is running regarding your Lambda function.
And these environment variables can be accessed the same way
as we've done before with other environment variables.
So that's it now lets go into
the hands-on to see how that works.